[improve][doc] Add a document of schema compatibility between Java and Go (#1056)
apache/pulsar-client-go: docs/schema-compatibility.md

### Description
Pulsar is a high-performance, persistent message middleware that supports multiple programming languages ​​and data models. This article will focus on the comparison between Pulsar's GO Client and JAVA Client in Schema compatibility. We'll focus on four common schema types: Avro, JSON, Proto, and Proto native schema.
#### Avro Schema
Avro schema in Go and Java are compatible, but there are some differences in how the schemas are defined. Go typically uses schema definitions, a string Json,  to create schemas, whereas Java often uses class types for schema creation. As a result, Java allows non-primitive fields to be nullable by default, while in Go's schema definition, the nullability of fields needs to be explicitly stated.
GO:
```go

> // Compatible with Java schema define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Compatible with defining a schema in Java
```
Do you intend to convey this meaning?

exampleSchemaDefCompatible := NewAvroSchema(`{"fields":
    [
        {"name":"id","type":"int"},{"default":null,"name":"name","type":["null","string"]}
    ],
    "name":"MyAvro","namespace":"schemaNotFoundTestCase","type":"record"}`, nil)
// Not compatible with Java schema define
exampleSchemaDefIncompatible := NewAvroSchema(`{"fields":
    [
        {"name":"id","type":"int"},{"default":null,"name":"name","type":["string"]}
    ],
    "name":"MyAvro","namespace":"schemaNotFoundTestCase","type":"record"}`, nil)    
Producer := NewAvroSchema(exampleSchemaDef, nil)

```
JAVA:
```java
@AllArgsConstructor
@NoArgsConstructor
public static class Example {
    public String name;
    public int id;
}

Producer<Example> producer = pulsarClient.newProducer(Schema.AVRO(Example.class))
                .topic(topic).create();
```

#### JSON Schema
The situation with JSON schema is similar to Avro Schema.
```go

> // Compatible with Java schema define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Compatible with defining a schema in Java
```

exampleSchemaDefCompatible := "{\"type\":\"record\",\"name\":\"Example\",\"namespace\":\"test\"," +
	"\"fields\":[{\"name\":\"ID\",\"type\":\"int\"},{\"name\":\"Name\",\"type\":[\"null\", \"string\"]}]}"

consumerJSCompatible := NewJSONSchema(exampleSchemaDefCompatible, nil)

> // Not compatible with Java schema define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Not compatible with defining a schema in Java
```

exampleSchemaDefIncompatible := "{\"type\":\"record\",\"name\":\"Example\",\"namespace\":\"test\"," +
	"\"fields\":[{\"name\":\"ID\",\"type\":\"int\"},{\"name\":\"Name\",\"type\":\"string\"}]}"

consumerJSIncompatible := NewJSONSchema(exampleSchemaDefIncompatible, nil)
```

To achieve compatibility, modify the `exampleSchemaDefIncompatible` to allow null fields and ensure that the variable names in the Java Example class match the schema definition.

#### Proto Schema
Proto and ProtoNative schemas exhibit some incompatibility between Go and Java clients. This is because Avro Proto currently does not provide full compatibility between Java and Go.

```proto
message TestMessage {
    string stringField = 1;
    int32 intField = 2;
}
```

> Schema define in java，which can be parsed by a Class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a schema in Java can be parsed by a class.
```

```json
protoSchemaDef = "{\"type\":\"record\",\"name\":\"TestMessage\",\"namespace\":\"org.apache.pulsar.client.api.schema.proto.Test\",\"fields\":[{\"name\":\"stringField\",\"type\":{\"type\":\"string\",\"avro.java.string\":\"String\"},\"default\":\"\"},{\"name\":\"intField\",\"type\":\"int\",\"default\":0}]}"

```

> Schema define in GO, which need to be manually written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a schema in Go needs to write manually.
```

```json
protoSchemaDef = "{\"type\":\"record\",\"name\":\"Example\",\"namespace\":\"test\"," +
		"\"fields\":[{\"name\":\"num\",\"type\":\"int\"},{\"name\":\"msf\",\"type\":\"string\"}]}"
```
To address the incompatibility between Proto and ProtoNative types, you can follow this approach:

> 1. In the Java client, parse the message using the Avro Proto library to obtain the Schema Definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Java client, parse the message using the Avro Proto library to obtain the schema definition.
```
